[theme music starts]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give, all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
THE ROBOTS
[computer blipping]
[tense music]
[electricity crackles]
[powering up]
-[whirring]
-[upbeat music]
[grunts]
As I'm sure you've noticed,
this sheet of titanium
is much stronger than steel,
which is why it is used by NASA
for constructing its space shuttles.
You should've used it for your robot.
[Mrs. Hertz] I'm afraid this alloy would
be a bit out of your budget range, Herb.
But since your friend
brought up the subject, let me remind you
that the robot competition is scheduled
for this afternoon.
I hope you've all finished your models.
Is yours ready, Jeremy?
-And you, Herb?
-No problem.
Come and see my masterpiece
after school, okay?
[chuckles and grunts]
[theme music]
-[tense music]
-[electricity zapping]
[mechanical whirring]
[machinery whirring]
[tense music]
[zapping]
[electricity zapping]
[digital scanning]
-[birds chirping]
-[unintelligible chatter]
[Sissi grunts]
Well, let me see it, Herb.
I'm waiting.
Uh... Well... [sighs]
[Herb] Tada!
[Nicolas and Sissi scream]
What is that horror?
Well, it's our team's robot.
"Iron Sissi."
Huh? What?
How dare you name
that hideous monster after me!
But it's a tribute to you.
And besides, it may be ugly,
but watch how it works.
[whirring]
[grunts]
Oh!
-Oh, Herb! Herb, do something!
-It's nothing.
[Herb] A couple of adjustments,
and it'll be just fine [chuckles].
[sighs]
It better be. If not, Jeremy and his pals
are gonna humiliate you again.
It's got to win, ugly or not.
And if it doesn't,
say goodbye to Sissi's gang.
-That goes for you too, Nicolas.
-[Herb and Nicolas groan]
-[door slams]
-[whimpers]
Nothing to worry about.
I've thought of everything [chuckles].
[Jeremy clears his throat]
I'd like you to meet Kiwi Two.
-[light music]
-[gasping]
[laughing]
[mechanic clacking]
[Odd] That's cool. Kiwi's got a playmate.
-[Kiwi yipping]
-He's as cute as the original.
-Congratulations.
-Yeah.
How's our nice little robot?
[Odd] You want a bolt or a nut?
-[grunts]
-[water splashing]
[gasps]
[Jeremy] Sorry, I didn't have the time
to take him out.
He needs an oil change every day.
[bell rings]
Hey, it's time. Here we go.
We're bound for glory, guys.
See you later, Aelita.
Call us if you see or hear
anything suspicious on Lyoko.
I promise.
But I hope XANA gives you enough time
to win the contest.
[grunts]
Bye-bye.
-[mechanical whirring]
-[digital beeping]
[rapid snapshots]
-[tense music]
-[digital scanning, beeping]
[unintelligible chatter]
And now,
the moment you've all been waiting for.
That's right, folks, the grand finale.
In this corner, Iron Sissi.
-[cheering]
-[Jim] And in this corner, Kiwi Two.
[cheering]
Jeremy versus Herb.
Boy, isn't that original.
And the winner will be Jeremy.
Boy, what suspense.
Remember, both robots are forbidden
to use any physical force.
-Shake hands now.
-[Jeremy chuckles]
-[tense music]
-[groans]
[unintelligible chatter]
Let's roll.
The first to score
five baskets is the winner.
Let's go!
[crowd cheering]
[action music]
[gasps]
[rumbling]
Hey, Jeremy. Can you hear me? Jeremy!
-[grunting]
-[crowd cheering]
Yeah! Great!
Kiwi one, Sissi zero.
[groaning]
[mechanical whirring]
[metallic clang]
[crowd cheering]
[grunting]
[crowd cheers]
Very good,
but I've never seen a robot so ugly!
Dad!
Jeremy, please answer!
[gasps]
[mechanical whirring]
[panting]
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles]
[grunting]
[crowd cheers]
[Odd] Way to go, Jeremy, way to go!
Just keep it up!
-[grunts]
-[whistle blows]
Time out. One minute for halftime.
[sighs]
You're doing great, Jeremy. Keep it up.
[action music]
[mechanical whirring]
[Aelita gasping]
[gasping]
[crowd cheering]
[whistle blows]
[action music]
[grunting]
Game ball.
[students shouting]
[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita groans]
[gasps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[action music]
[crowd cheering]
Oh no! I don't believe it!
Come on, Kiwi! Come on!
Yeah.
Ready, set... [snickers]
[gasps]
[snickering]
-[whistle blows]
-[crowd cheers]
[Sissi] We won!
Oh! We really did it!
[Nicolas groans]
[Nicolas snickers]
[unintelligible chatter]
Huh... Well done
and thank you to all our contestants.
The robot contest is over for this year.
And remember, Class Nine B,
you've got Phys Ed in five minutes.
[students groan]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[thuds]
[thuds and creaks]
[unintelligible chatter]
-[groans]
-It's okay, Jeremy. Don't worry about it.
-You can't win all the time.
-But what happened?
-[Milly] We can show you.
-[grunts]
Take a look at this.
[mechanical whirring]
So that was it. He cheated us.
Well, am I still part of the gang or what?
I guess. We did win.
But it's till the ugliest robot
I've ever seen.
[Jeremy] Herb, can I see you for a minute?
I...
[students screaming]
Help!
Huh? Where did that come from?
[growling]
[digital scanning]
[all gasping]
-[Sissi] I'm getting out of here!
-[Herb] What's that?
[groans]
[Jeremy groans and coughs]
[Ulrich] Come on!
[gasps]
Hey, what are you doing in here?
You've gotta get out!
[mechanical thuds]
[Ulrich gasps]
[Ulrich groans]
-Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
-XANA.
If it's true,
Aelita's probably been trying to reach us.
[typing]
-Aelita?
-[digital scanning]
-Jeremy! At last!
-Everything okay?
No, not really.
XANA's activated a tower
and the Bloks are after me.
And we've got a humongous robot at school
that's causing total panic
wherever it goes.
But how could XANA have ever made
a thing like that?
I wish I knew,
but one thing is sure, it's us he's after.
Okay, Ulrich and Yumi,
you've gotta try neutralizing that thing,
while Odd and I go to the factory
to give Aelita some help.
Better hurry.
-[metallic thuds]
-[tense music]
[gasps]
[Yumi] Let's go.
Good luck you two, and stay in contact.
[thuds]
-Ready?
-Ready.
[both panting]
Hey, it looks like our visitor
has already gone to the factory.
It might be much worse.
[both] He could've been made there.
[theme music]
-[action music]
-[mechanical whirring]
[gasps]
[groans]
[panting]
-[mechanical clanking]
-[both gasping]
-[Jeremy] Look at that.
-[tense music]
He won't quit.
[alert beeping]
I can't access anything.
All the programs, the scanners,
the holomap, nothing. Everything's down.
[sighs]
That means I can't send you to Lyoko.
-Got any ideas?
-Not really.
We should try to find
a specialist in robots.
-[phone ringing]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-Hey, Ulrich.
-Jeremy, how are you doing?
Not so great.
XANA made a robot on the assembly line
at the factory.
[Jeremy]
And he messed up all the controls.
No way of getting to Lyoko.
The time's come to eliminate the robot.
[both panting]
[Ulrich] Jeremy's too busy.
Jeremy's not the only one
who knows about robots.
Who have you got in mind?
-Herb.
-We haven't got a choice, I guess.
Quick, we've gotta find him.
Odd, plug in the IDE.
[alert beeping]
It's done.
[digital beeping]
[Odd] Bingo! You're a genius, Jeremy!
-You're coming with us.
-[Herb groans]
Hey, where are you going? Come back!
The school's being evacuated.
[screams]
[all panting]
Herb, we've got a favor to ask you.
Will you help us disconnect that robot?
[gasps] I'm sorry,
but you're not in my gang.
-It's a tremendous danger, Herb.
-I said, "no."
[Herb scoffs]
I wonder what Sissi'd think
if she found out you were a cheater.
What?
[Ulrich] Milly and Tamiya
have it all on tape, positive proof.
Okay, but if you tell her...
You stay with Herb,
I'll take care of this guy.
[Yumi] Come on, Herb.
[Ulrich grunts]
[digital scanning]
Hey, you'd better find a way
to eliminate this horror.
I may have an idea,
but we'll need Mrs. Hertz's drill.
-[Ulrich panting]
-[rumbling]
[theme music]
[explosion in the distance]
-[gasping] Jeremy!
-[grunts]
I finally found the activated tower.
-You can't go by yourself.
-[Odd] I'll go.
Okay, but I don't know
if the scanner management program
is operational.
It's too late to test it.
Let's give it a try.
[mechanical rumbling]
[digital scanning and beeping]
[whirring]
The mountain region's
where you're headed, Odd.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[static zapping]
[grunts]
Odd, are you okay?
Fine. I made it, Jeremy.
That's great.
Aelita's just a little further north.
[cranking]
There we are. Let's hope the robot's
not made of titanium.
[birds chirping]
[gasping]
[sighs]
[action music]
[Odd] Aelita.
There.
[sighs]
[Odd] We'd better make a little detour.
[mechanical whirring]
[panting]
[tense music]
[groans]
[Yumi] XANA, no!
[Yumi] No. Don't hurt him.
[grunts]
[buzzing]
[Yumi panting]
[digital scanning and beeping]
[thuds]
[groans]
[retching]
[powering down]
[groaning]
-[loud thud]
-[electricity zapping]
Hey, Ulrich.
We got him.
-[Jeremy] Behind you.
-[mechanical whirring]
[action music]
Laser arrow!
Watch out, Odd!
Odd, only 50 life points left.
-[alert beeping]
-[Odd] Thanks, Jeremy, but who's counting?
-[Odd sighs]
-Are you all right?
[Jeremy] The second one is coming.
[both gasping]
Herb, I've gotta hand it to you.
-Your droid worked miracles.
-Thank you.
Well, I've gotta go now.
There are a couple of things
I've gotta do.
[theme music]
[metallic creaking]
Hey, this isn't exactly summer camp here.
-Tell Ulrich and Yumi to move it!
-[Jeremy] They'll be there soon.
[panting]
[grunts]
[mechanical footsteps]
[panting]
[grunts]
-I don't believe this!
-It's a nightmare!
[Ulrich] We've gotta go to Lyoko.
[grumbling]
[theme music]
Jeremy, how many points?
-[alert beeping]
-Only ten left.
[Jeremy] Odd, you've gotta jump!
Okay, Jeremy, what's up?
Odd's losing all his life points.
Head for the scanner.
[Yumi] Right.
[tense music]
[panting]
[whirring]
[gasps]
It's never gonna stop.
[electricity zapping]
[typing]
Get in.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[whoosh]
[grunts and gasps]
[Odd] Okay,
concentrate on the rotation speed.
[Jeremy] Two monsters.
[both gasp]
[both groan]
[gasping]
[gunfire]
[groans]
[gasps]
Go ahead, I'll take care of the last one.
[grunts]
-[heavy footsteps]
-[Ulrich groans]
[sighs]
[groaning]
[ethereal music]
[rumbling]
[beeping]
[digital scanning and beeping]
-[gunfire]
-[yelling]
[ethereal music]
[rewind sound]
Return to the past, now!
[powering up]
[whoosh]
[unintelligible chatter]
[whistle blowing]
[crowd chattering, cheering]
[mechanical whirring]
[applause]
[whistle blowing] Game ball!
[crowd cheering]
Go on, Kiwi Two!
Oh, no!
Ready, set...
[snickers]
Huh?
[crowd cheering]
I now declare Jeremy
the winner of this year's robot contest.
Yeah!
Okay, you two, I want both of you
to shake hands, come on.
[unintelligible chatter]
[Herb scoffs]
[tense music]
-[Herb] No way!
-[Jim] Huh?
What a sore loser!
I forgive him.
He's nice every now and then.
Huh? You mind explaining?
[Ulrich and Yumi laughing]
Come on, we'll tell you all about it.
[grunts]
[Sissi] I knew it!
You're a loser and so is your robot!
[Sissi] It's exactly as you are!
[theme music]